🐾 Meet Tama! -----------------------

Tama is a tiny desktop cat who lives on your taskbar, your windows, and occasionally wherever the hell she feels like going.

She's still in development, so please poke at things, try to break things, and let me know if Tama does anything particularly weird!

💀 Things to try --------------------

- Pick Tama up and YEET her!
Click and drag Tama to pick her up. Drop her somewhere and she'll fall and land on whatever she can find.
(actual YEET physics coming VERY soon)

- Put her on your windows.
Tama can walk along the tops of open windows. Try moving, resizing, minimizing, or closing windows while she's around.

- Let her wander.
Tama walks, sits, sleeps and makes her own decisions. She may occasionally wander completely off-screen. She's fine.
Probably.
*Please let me know if she doesn't come back lol

- Feed her.
On Tama's UI, select the food icon and press the middle button. Tama will find the food, walk over and eat it.

- Spawn her bed.
The bed is also available through the UI. Selecting the bed should make Tama walk to it and have a nap.

- Move her between monitors.
If you have multiple monitors, move the UI to another screen before spawning objects. Tama should make her way over to them.
She should be set for all resolutions and scales.

*Tama may disappear if she is currently on a monitor when it changes to a different scale or rez. Resetting Tama allows her to work on new scale.

- Close and minimize the UI.
The 'x' on the UI closes the Program, and the '_' minimizes the UI only, leaving Tama to continue what she's doing.

Tama has a memory! Her saved state should persist between sessions(UI and Tama will be in their last positions, and not reset).

🔨 Still being built -----------------

Tama is very much a work in progress. More interactions, needs, animations, jumping/window parkour and other tiny-cat bullshit are coming.

If something breaks, or otherwise acts differently from the above mentioned, please let me know.
In saying that, please TRY to break her to find bugs and glitches and remember what you were doing so I can replicate and fix it ^^

🛡️ A note about Windows Security -----

When you first run Tama, Windows may show a security warning because Tama is currently an unsigned, independently made application.

Tama needs to read the positions and sizes of your taskbar and open windows so she knows where she can stand, walk, fall and land.

She does not read the contents of your windows — she only needs information about their position/size and whether they're available for her to stand on.

If Windows shows a “Windows protected your PC” message, you may need to click More info → Run anyway to start Tama.

-----------------------------------------

Thanks for helping me break Tama so I can make her better ^^
If she gets in your way, congratulations! She's working as intended xD